Docs: Update multiple components guidance (#26544)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-stories/index.md

## Stories for two or more components

> Sometimes, you may have two or more components created to work together. For instance, if you have a parent `List` component, it may require child `ListItem` components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you may have two or more components created to work together. For instance, if you have a parent `List` component, it may require child `ListItem` components.
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> You can also reuse story definitions from the child `ListItem` in your `List` component. That’s easier to maintain because you don’t have to keep the identical details updated in multiple places.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also reuse _story data_ from the child `ListItem` in your `List` component. That’s easier to maintain because you don’t have to keep it updated in multiple places.
```

What do you think?
